<!-- SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright 2021 Francesco Petrogalli <www.tubafraz.me> -->
<!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0 -->
# Tu scendi dalle stelle ...in via della vittoria

Una libera interpretazione della melodia natalizia *Tu scendi dalle
stelle*.

La melodia e' stata [composta nel 1754 da Alfonso Maria de'
Liguori](https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_scendi_dalle_stelle).

L'arrangiamento è coperto con la licenza CC-BY-SA 4.0, il che vuol
dire che è liberamente utilizzabile senza autorizzazione e senza dover
corrispondere compensi per diritto d’autore. Se vi piace, potete
liberamente offrire un caffè virtuale a Francesco attraverso il
servizio [ko-fi.com/tubafranz](https://ko-fi.com/tubafranz) - ¡muchas
gracias!

Puoi trovare
[qui](https://github.com/fpetrogalli/tusce/releases/latest) il PDF con
lo spartito.

All'indirizzo [tubafranz.me](http://tubafranz.me) potete trovare altri
miei lavori.

# About the license

This work is published under the license [CC-BY-SA
4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/), that allows you
to perform, copy, remix, publish work based on this material, as long
as the original authors are mentioned and any derived material is
published under the same license CC-BY-SA 4.0. A summary of the terms
of the license is available
[here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

# Contributions

Contributions to this repository are licensed under the same terms of
CC-BY-SA 4.0.

# Music sheets

You can grab the PDFs of the music scores
[here](https://github.com/fpetrogalli/tusce/releases/latest).

# Credits

Made with [lilypond](http://lilypond.org/),
[Frescobaldi](https://www.frescobaldi.org),
[musescore](https://musescore.org).
